Hello and welcome again in this lecture we're going to talk about the well known streamlets it is called
said R S E D.
I'll show you some examples of it because it is listed as one of the competencies in your domain one
so you might get asked questions about.
So I've made a copy of the passport file and that's what you get a plain old password file is a very
important file.
So you don't want to directly mess with it.
But if you want to you can just get a type in a paragraph about five or six or ten lines and just use
God as a test file.
But I'm using the password file.
So I call it my password and put it into Larry's whole directory and this is what I'm here to do some
typing set which is a stream editor dash and you know that I'm going to want to read lines five to 10
out of this.
It's a big file.
I'm only reading 5 to 10 all of this.
Can people just stop at 10 in the file is my password.
There you go.
So it's basically reading me only five files.
So you have cut down the information that we need out of the whole password file because the rest of
the information is it's not rather than for us.
So that's why.
So this is one of the use we are going to use another example in this file.
In this example it is possible to print the entire file except a certain range.
So suppose you want to exclude the files from 20 to 30 the lines from 20 30 out of the password file.
Those are the lines that I want to exclude.
So this how you do that said 20 Kubla 30 de
la password.
So right now it's showing everything except the line between 20 to 30.
No this was just a Vueling suppose I wanted to play something I want to replace I started it said
in single quotes to get put in S which means switch and we've got to switch.
Let's see.
House.
In the G is like the ending of switching and POS Palm Pilot.
My password
and as you can see in the entire file there very ever there was whole of house so it's a very nifty
tool that you can use that can really shorten your editing process.
Instead of going line by line and changing something you are changing adjust on the fly and has a lot
of options available that you can go through and see if you really want to learn more about it.
But in a short lecture without boring you with all the other examples that should give you an idea of
what the OC does.